Patch (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/StyleMigration: readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T1130491)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# DevExpress Blazor Components - How to Update CSS Styles to v22.2

> This document summarizes the most often cases when you should use our private CSS selectors to apply a style to an element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document summarizes the most common scenarios in which you should use our private CSS selectors to apply a style to an element.
```

 
You can also press `Ctrl+F` and search for a private CSS selector that you used in a previous version. This helps you find a selector used in v22.1 or prior, and copy the new equivalent of this selector.

> If you did not manage to find your scenario in this document, you can inspect a component render and create a new CSS selector as described in the following articles: 

Reviewer: What do you mean by "inspect a component render"? For example, do you mean "inspect how a component is rendered"?

Or are you talking about using the browser's DevTools to actually "inspect" the element itself?

Reviewer 2: I talk about the browser's DevTools to actually "inspect" the element itself

Reviewer: Thanks. In that case, would it be technically correct to say something like "inspect the component"?

`If you did not manage to find your scenario in this document, you can inspect the component and create a new CSS selector as described in the following articles:`

    - [Customize the Close header's button icon](#customize-the-close-headers-button-icon)
    - [Hide the modal background](#hide-the-modal-background)

> 

Reviewer: Please make the following change above:

Line 51:
"DxCalender" is misspelled. It should be:

`- [DxCalendar](#dxcalendar)`

```

> In v22.1, use the following CSS rules:

Reviewer: Should "CSS rules" be "CSS rule"?

```suggestion
In v22.1, use the following CSS rule:
```

> 

Reviewer: On line 110 (below), should "CSS rules" be "CSS rule"?

[Return to the table of contents.](#thetableofcontents)

### Color Alternate Rows

> To color alternate rows (universal approach), handle the CustomizeElement event:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To color alternate rows (using the universal technique), handle the CustomizeElement event:
```

[Return to the table of contents.](#thetableofcontents)

### Change the Header Cells' Background Color

> In v22.1, use the following CSS rules:

Reviewer: In the context of the CSS below, is "CSS rules" (plural) correct? Or should it be "CSS rule" (singular)? Just checking.

Reviewer 2: I checked and corrected if necessary

```
[Return to the table of contents.](#thetableofcontents)

### Change Selected Row Background Color

> In v22.1, use the following CSS rules:

Reviewer: See my comment above regarding "CSS rules".

    }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Is the comment on line 313 (above) editable? If so, can we change it to:

`/* Add your logic here to check if there are detail rows for the current master row (masterRowKey)*/`

> 

Reviewer: Regarding line 328 (above), please see my similar comment above regarding "CSS rules".

    }

```

[Return to the table of contents.](#thetableofcontents)

### Hide Header Row

> To hide header row (universal technique), handle the CustomizeElement event:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To hide the header row (using the universal technique), handle the CustomizeElement event:
```

    }
}
```

[Return to the table of contents.](#thetableofcontents)

### Prevent Caption Wrapping

> To prevent caption wrapping (universal technique), handle the CustomizeElement event:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent caption wrapping (using the universal technique), handle the CustomizeElement event:
```

    max-width: 800px!important;
}
```

[Return to the table of contents.](#thetableofcontents)

## DxEditors

### Modify the Clear Button

> In v22.1 use the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v22.1, use the following code:
```

    CssClass="my-textbox"
    ClearButtonDisplayMode="DataEditorClearButtonDisplayMode.Auto"></DxTextBox>
```

> In v22.2 use the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v22.2, use the following code:
```

    CssClass="my-textbox"
    ClearButtonDisplayMode="DataEditorClearButtonDisplayMode.Auto"></DxTextBox>
```

[Return to the table of contents.](#thetableofcontents)

### Blazor Editors inside the "input-group" Container

> In v22.1 editors occupy the 100% width of the container in the following markup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v22.1, editors occupy 100% of the container width in the following markup:
```

    <DxDateEdit ... />
</div>
```

> In v22.2 it's necessary to set the 100% width to each editor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v22.2, it's necessary to set the width of each editor to 100%:
```

</div>
```

[Return to the table of contents.](#thetableofcontents)

### DxTagBox 

#### Always Force Tags to Start at a New Line

> In v22.1 use the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v22.1, use the following code:
```

   width: 100%;
}
```

[Return to the table of contents.](#thetableofcontents)

### DxComboBox 

#### Change the Height of a Drop-Down List

In both v22.1 and v22.2, use the same razor code:

```cs
<DxComboBox Data="@dataSource" @bind-Value="@Value" TextFieldName="Name" ValueFieldName="ID" DropDownCssClass="combo-dropdown">

> </DxComboBox>

Reviewer: Please update line 1123 below (add a comma after "v22.1"):

`In v22.1, use the following code:`

        max-height: 500px !important;
    }
```

[Return to the table of contents.](#thetableofcontents)

#### Change Drop-Down Text Font Size

> In v22.1 use the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v22.1, use the following code:
```

       font-size: smaller;
}
```

[Return to the table of contents.](#thetableofcontents)

#### Modify "No data to display" Message

> In v19.2 use the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v19.2, use the following code:
```

    }, 700);
}
```

[Return to the table of contents.](#thetableofcontents)

> ### DxCalender

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### DxCalendar
```

}

> 

Reviewer: On line 1393 above, please change "22.1" to "v22.1":

`In v22.1, use the following CSS rule:`

```

> In v22.1, use the following CSS rule:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v22.1, use the following CSS rules:
```

```

> In v22.2, use the following CSS rule:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v22.2, use the following CSS rules:
```

    display: none!important;
}
```

> 

Reviewer: On lines 1647 (above) and 1654 (below), should "CSS rules" be "CSS rule"?
